if you need team credits
of your dreams passed in the link in
description and hello to all friends I am the
your dear dexter and today we are curie of
Back to the said research team of the
season of the league and one of the series
why these packages came out
special 50,000 credits along twelve
players all gold and all rare and
I am here ready to find power
I'm ready to unpack the boys though
we reach 5 thousand likes next
unpacking because I know this
so I really like 5,000 of
like next video but now we're ready
or listen to your advice
I put a rose of kebabari blowjobs
as you see the hand, the satta circulates
I'm opening packages two hours from
term because they told me that in
latest packages to find type decided
and we are ready to crush the first ips
50,000 credit package yes I want it
open the drum roll boys
because in this package I can feel it
we find
rai two rai no fuck shit shit shit
super shit bagarella spray bagarella
despair desperate curious place friend
Doctor will adapt active because you owe me
take the piss because it's the first one
package went a super shit
thanks fifa 50,000 credits thrown at
sex as they open for 7,500 credits
because between the packages there are few e
the inter we are worth the 7,500
credits we hope there is a player
decent to describe but who it is
chieco is face given to you at the time
It is not possible
we are ready to discard the second
50,000 credit package but first a
trick you told me to go out
wait for a moment from the ultimate team
come back here from happy hour
obviously howard because I'm umbria
see fifa admitted packages that don't
only by chance return to the store
close reopen close or reopen
turn around open and say prayers in
Chinese
I am ready to turn around, I don't know
what's waiting for me I'm turning kiss
kiss
makes you take me for a ride
leaving the Pippon the series yet
still still see that fixing a game
that takes you for a ride
the team of the season are coming out
of the premier league came out sterling
succeeded now that a game there
takes the piss we do door vault
which I find myself depending on though it will be
him to me instead they have me Maratta
always done
you say you don't get mad then tell him
relief did not touch last package
obviously before the take turns a
7,500 credits package
let's open this which brings me good luck
I feel we are still changing and that
now it is still absent for me because
fifa you take the piss out of me why
guys this is a deja vu I find
always this that takes me for a ride
the a script as well as the packages
suspected packages defined as apriamolo
one from 5,013 put mercy door please
please castro sluts you like me
like bathers we open another 7500
and then the last timothy de package
blue sisto levo the joystick me
I go I don't look I'm not looking not
I'm looking then won in a tractor
tractor made this must do the
peasant the footballer the price is not
possible
you who write below you find
in them who knows how many you will have found ed
the pious team of desease that I find more than
I find the race three thousand times changed but
now it's time to finish and find
ibrahimovic because this is the last one
50,000 credit package and us
we will certainly find a patterson team
skipping it cock cock appetizer
finally and I can't believe it has
still found garai still right and
still santana marmot marmotte mom
probably the team of the season that
but it's worth less than all the fuck
finally we found one and let's go
still unpacking packages because
we found a squat and luck is
on our side we immediately find with
structures
and still closed but these are the
same packages I opened two
days ago how the fuck is possible but not
I get really pissed because we found it
a lot and now I feel it we will find a
ibra
in here there is a blue blue blue book
they mask good player 84 me you do
find masquerade and na pippa in fifa
careful that you get the flies mouth
luisao grenier health also passes
from the skin but this is open mouth
because at 39 of speed if you look at the
attackers who pass at speed and
does in surpass hi last package
of the day from 5300 depietristi arose
we do as before when we have
fota proven that we discard there
we go around this time not
we find ourselves ready with crap at
maximum this currency shames on me
devil de shit from the boys this was
extra wild unpacking 5
thousand I like next unpacking
wild we finally found a
team of the season
now let's find out what it's worth
think i 66,000 trio threw 150,000
credits to find one from 26 thousand
you my grandmother hello grandmother you know me
I'm leaving for a great adventure
will become a madonna hero so i will
offend no no no no no grandma laughed
when I told him that I will become a
Viscose hero an information the
nearest butcher rude people
who does not respond